hi I'm Gary and welcome to jargon free
help now just a little bit different
this week I want to show you how to do
something pet as emailed me they've got
lots of recipes and music on their
computer they've got a MacBook but it
does actually matter what they've got
because you can do this on a PC as well
and they've got an iPad and they want to
get those documents which are recipes
and also some music onto their iPad so
they can use it wherever they go and
they wanted to know how you can actually
do that so I'm going to show you how to
do that you don't need to see me any
longer I'm just going to show you right
here on the I make that I have how to do
this and really it's quite
straightforward the first thing you need
to do is open up iTunes and connect up
your iPad and you've got this apps bit
here you need to click on that and when
you scroll down further below where
these apps actually are you'll see
there's another apps section here now
Pat has got pages which I have as well
but there's lots of other things as well
the way you might have to transfer
documents around one way you can do is
sometimes you can email it to yourself
so if you've got a word document you
could email it and if you've got your
email on your iPad or iPhone you can
open it there and then you can read it
but pages is a word processor and you
could actually do some editing and
things on there as well so here are a
list of my apps and as you can see I've
got pages right down here and to get
them from the computer to the iPad and
by the way this is going to change
apparently with the new version where
they call iOS which is the one that's
going to use the cloud iCloud is Apple's
version of it and it's meant to
synchronize all online and stuff but
still you may need to use this so here's
pages I click on this add button here
and this doesn't matter with euro using
a PC or a Mac you just simply click on
add and okay if you're using a PC you're
just going to go and find the files
where you kept them in it would look a
little bit different to how you've got
it here on a Mac but basically exactly
the same principle just go and find your
files as you can see I've got two files
here I've got this one here which say to
you a Word document and this one here
which is a Pages document so I'm going
to select both of them I could select
them one by
and open them I'm going to click on open
now one of the great things about pages
is it does convert Word documents into
pages so you can use them on the iPad
which is just fantastic now all I need
to do is click on sync you see these two
files here once called a word document
and the other ones called transferring
documents I'm just going to click on
sync and as you can see it's just
quickly sinking away there and any
moment now it's going to finish the sync
on the iPad it's already done i haven't
removed anything from this now what
you're going to need to do is once
you're there you now need to click on
the plus sign up here when you start
pages and choose copy from itunes click
on that select the file do the same for
the other one and you're away they've
all been imported if I've got a document
here and it's in pages something I've
created on the iPad I can transfer that
as well I just simply open it click on
the spinner at the top there click on
share and print and choose send to
iTunes you'll see there were some other
options there I can send it as pages
PDFs which I know a lot of you are
familiar with and also I could send it
as well but I'm going to send it as
pages I'm going to do that ok I'm now
going to click on sync on my itunes and
there it is look how quick that is I
promise you I've cut nothing out now if
I want to save that onto the computer
what I can do is just click on save to
and choose where I want to save it to
and click on open and that will now be
on my computer and I can open it and
work on it and then I can do the same
thing again to transfer it back a little
bit of fiddling around and file
management here this is all going to
change when you get the iCloud should
you be going for that and basically if
you change it on there it's going to
change on your other devices
automatically so if you're working on
something and then you're using on the
iPad the iPhone or on here on your
computer they'll all stay in sync and I
think that's just marvelous so that's
how you can actually move files around
so I hope you get all your recipes and
music on then you get a lot of
out of your iPad so anyway thanks for
watching don't forget jargon free help
it's more than just technology and I'll
still see you next week
you